To start Kibby says Look server.
Just click staunched Clarice's looks like you would any of the windows application.
In this case I want to continue using the trial so I'm going to click PLO's Now notice under display.
There are various options display one up to 24.
I'm going to leave it as display 00 the default but notice in the OR IF see we have what are called
facilities and severity values.
So facilities and severity values are not normative but often used are described in the following tables
for information purposes only facility values must be in the range 0 to 23 inclusive.
This allows you to filter your slug messages says an example kernel messages could use numerical code
0 mail systems could use to use a little message as one if DP 11 and so forth and so on.
So if you were collecting syslog messages from many devices you may want to filter your slug messages
based on a facility.
For now I'm just going to set it at the default.
Now on this PC I'm using an IP address of 1 9 2 1 6 8 1 1 0 8 and the router is configured with an IP
address of 1 9 2 1 6 8 1 2 5 4 I've connected it to fast.
Ethan at 1 slushes 0 on this router.
So in Rotto 1 interface if one slashes 0.
So I'm going to specify an IP address of 1 2 1 6 8 1 2 5 4 the default gateway as configured on the
PC.
Now that overlaps with an IP address used to connect to the outside world.
So shut that interface down.
Get back to if one slushed Sarah configure the IP address kenned ping the server at the moment.
Not that I forget the obvious.
Yes I did.
So interface if one slashes zero in shut try again I can ping the server now.
On the PC ping 1 on 2 1 6 8 1 2 5 4 Kennet ping wrote a loop back.
Yes it can.
So this server can paying the Lubeck of Ratatouille which is being advertised through SPF I'll remove
this link for now because we are not using the cloud.
So my metric looks as follows.
I've got my sis looks server and my two routers.
So now it's configfs Aslaug.